# real_estate_dapp

Welcome to the real_estate_dapp project, our submission to the ICP Hackathon!

The backend code, written in Motoko, is a simple set of functions that can manage a real estate dApp, with ability to create members (Buyers & Agents and maybe, in the future, Sellers).  Agents can create a property which will be listed as Active and can accept bids from Buyers. Highest bid will be tracked and Agents can at any time accept the highest bid, at which point the property will be marked as "Sold" and taken off the listing.

TO-DO list -
1) We have a frontend HTML and CSS mock-up done, but it is not yet attached to the backend. That will be the next step.
2) Integration with Juno for user authentication and data persistence.
3) Adding more features and pulling data from websites to populate the property listings.

We enjoyed the challenge and we're happy to be able to submit a working dApp! We look forward to more opportunities.


## Running the project locally

If you want to test your project locally, you can use the following commands:

```bash
# Starts the replica, running in the background
dfx start --background

# Deploys your canisters to the replica and generates your candid interface
dfx deploy
```

Once the job completes, your application will be available at `http://localhost:4943?canisterId={asset_canister_id}`.

If you have made changes to your backend canister, you can generate a new candid interface with

```bash
npm run generate
```

at any time. This is recommended before starting the frontend development server, and will be run automatically any time you run `dfx deploy`.

If you are making frontend changes, you can start a development server with

```bash
npm start
```

Which will start a server at `http://localhost:8080`, proxying API requests to the replica at port 4943.

### Note on frontend environment variables

If you are hosting frontend code somewhere without using DFX, you may need to make one of the following adjustments to ensure your project does not fetch the root key in production:

- set`DFX_NETWORK` to `ic` if you are using Webpack
- use your own preferred method to replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` in the autogenerated declarations
  - Setting `canisters -> {asset_canister_id} -> declarations -> env_override to a string` in `dfx.json` will replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` with the string in the autogenerated declarations
- Write your own `createActor` constructor

Happy dApping!